#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   altex
    #   streamlit
altex==0.2.0
    # via
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via httpx
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via favicon
black==25.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.40.59
    # via snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.40.59
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   streamlit
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.11.0
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.3
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   postgrest
    #   storage3
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
faker==37.12.0
    # via streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
filelock==3.20.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.27.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.185.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.76.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
htbuilder==0.9.0
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx[http2]==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   postgrest
    #   storage3
    #   supabase
    #   supabase-auth
    #   supabase-functions
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.3.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-keyup
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==2.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.7
    # via streamlit-faker
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
multidict==6.7.0
    # via yarl
mypy==1.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
narwhals==2.9.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
numpy==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
orjson==3.11.4
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   black
    #   deprecation
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-notify
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altex
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pytesseract
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   snowflake-connector-python
plotly==6.3.1
    # via streamlit-extras
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
postgrest==2.22.2
    # via supabase
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via streamlit-extras
propcache==0.4.1
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
psycopg2-binary==2.9.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==22.0.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   postgrest
    #   realtime
    #   storage3
    #   supabase-auth
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   supabase-auth
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via markdownlit
pyopenssl==25.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytokens==0.2.0
    # via black
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
realtime==2.22.2
    # via supabase
referencing==0.37.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   favicon
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.28.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
scipy==1.16.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]==4.0.0
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
snowflake-snowpark-python[pandas]==1.41.0
    # via streamlit-extras
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
st-annotated-text==4.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
storage3==2.22.2
    # via supabase
streamlit==1.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altex
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-avatar
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-notify
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-avatar==0.1.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.7.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
streamlit-faker==0.0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.4.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.3.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-notify==0.3.1
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
strenum==0.4.15
    # via supabase-functions
supabase==2.22.2
    # via -r requirements.in
supabase-auth==2.22.2
    # via supabase
supabase-functions==2.22.2
    # via supabase
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via google-generativeai
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-generativeai
    #   grpcio
    #   langchain-core
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   realtime
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via streamlit-extras
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via realtime
wheel==0.45.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via loguru
yarl==1.22.0
    # via
    #   postgrest
    #   storage3
    #   supabase-functions
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
